---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 4 - User Configured website & Ansible conintued"
date:   2021-10-15 23:59:00 -0700
categories: jekyll update
---
This week we edited a previous assignment where we created a containerized website that would display our resume on a webpage. This containerized website we initially set up had an httpd base image. This meant we didn’t have to worry about installing or configuring the apache server, essentially working “right out of the box”. With this new version of the lab we didn’t rely on the image being pre-built. This lab had us install apache as well as enable a “UserDir” and “DirectoryIndex” module. In addition to this assignment, a lab assignment involving the use of the tool, ansible was given. In this lab we have to install this tool within a container, which I have done, or use a virtual machine, as the configuration and running of the files get run against the local environment, it could potentially modify my file system, so running in something like a docker container is the safest idea. In this assignment we had to work within a controlled environment (container, VM) and install apache. In addition, we also had to install a handful of apache2 modules. This assignment proceeds to have us create a second yml file which we have to install tools such as wget and curl. After the initial set up, we then untar a directory we had made. As the moment of writing this blog, this is as far as I have gotten so I wont be able to expand much more until I finish it. Besides these assignments, the ongoing work for my group project on the mobile app continues. Today we have a proposal due where we break down the steps of what it would take to initialize the building process of this app. I am in charge of the assets of this project. This means the required resources, graphics, and items such as icons, renderings etc.
