---
layout: post
title:  “Group projects continued and Apache configuration”
date:   2021-10-29 23:59:00 -0700
categories: jekyll update
---
This week mirrors the last in that it is very focused on group work. For senior design, our group decided on an API for the popular computer gaming platform, Steam. Steam basically acts a hub for all games linked to your account. It allows you to launch the games and also has a social media aspect as well which allows you to see what your friends are playing as well. Games are sold from this application which also has its own set of dicsounts and deals for games. With this API we will require an API key which will give us access to some useful statistics on steams game database. This will allow us to let a user enter in a game on our site and retrieve information on that particular game. Information such as how many players have downloaded the game, how many are playing it, popularity ranking, etc. We will be presenting our first offering this weekend, and will be dicussing further plans afterward. For the human computer interaction group project we have moved into the UI sketches and User Personas. We have to create Sketches that will help illustrate and visualize the project. These sketches are not just UI Sketches, but also usage and environment Sketches. These phases happen weekly so not as much work goes into this project as one that all the work is due at once. As for my web dev and hosting class, we worked on an apache configuration assignment. In this lab assignemtn, we are working on the scenario that we were hired by by a startup company and management has recently changed and we are tasked with creating a company website. Other than these asignment, the week has been rather quiet.