---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 3 - Containers/Docker &  Ansible"
date:   2021-10-08 23:59:00 -0700
categories: jekyll update
---
This week was a little hectic in regard to assignments. As we use the school servers for a majority of our work, any hiccups or downtime will really affect our workflow. This was very much the case over the weekend and during the bulk of the week. After the servers were fixed we took a better look into using docker to create containers and working within them.  We were tasked with creating a containerized website where we needed to setup our virtual machines to accept docker commands as well as the newly built containers. In this container, we copy over a resume we put together to be hosted in this container. In addition to this particular assignment, we also made progress on our food recipe app development. This app is of course totally hypothetical but we have started drafting mockups of the the GUI would look like and how users would interact with the software. Very soon, we will begin work on a new lab making use of an IT automation tool called Ansible. This tool is useful for configuring systems, deploying software and organizing tasks such as continuous deployments or zero downtime rolling updates. This would be the first time I use or even hear about this tool and the set up seems a tad intimidating to be honest. The initial set up poses the ability to change the file system of the machine entirely, which could lead to some irreversible changes requiring a full restoration of the OS to fix. This would be handled by taken care of by using a VirtualBox VM. This lab will also be my first time using apache, which is one of the many languages I have yet to work with. Overall, this week didn’t have many hiccups except for the school servers not working properly for a bit, so not much problem solving required.
