---
layout: post
title:  “Final Blog!”
date:   2021-12-10 23:59:00 -0700
categories: jekyll update
---
We’ve finally made to the last blog week! What a wild ride this semester has been. I guess now would be a good time to recap on the semester. To begin with, senior design has been a very interesting experience. Getting to put together a working site pulling information from a gaming platform’s APIs has been very cool. It was has been a great learning experience and i still feel there is plenty to learn about as this is the first time I work with API’s at all. Its very exciting to think about how we will progress with our project by next semester and how much it will have improved. Moving on to CIT 384. This class was very much a love hate relationship, and by that I mean the information was interesting but I really didn’t care for how it was taught. Im sure a lot has to do with online learning, but lets just say im very glad to be done with this class and I don’t think ill miss it very much. For my human interaction class, it was fun at first to start developing our own hypothetical app, but the rest of the semester kind of took a little bit of a nosedive with many sessions being canceled and overall attention to the class being very minimal. I think it was a good class in theory but the execution had a lot to be desired. My system security class unfortunately had the same fate. The class was very stimulating and it was just a matter of being read slides and having to do online homework modules through Cengage. This was very unfortunate because I was hoping for this class to be a little bit more robust but instead I found myself just going through the motions and trying to finish the homework as fast as possible … a shame really. I haven’t brought it up until now but I also took a geography class this semester, well actually it was a lab so it was a nice change of pace from all of the CIT stuff. Im particularly glad this semester is winding down because I accidentally took more classes than I needed to but it ended up working out in the end because now I only have to take two classes for my final semester. This is ultimately what I always wanted for my last semester of school but knew it was farfetched to expect. I guess I accidentally made it happen, who would have thought.

